# MaxHeap Assignment for Data Structure Class (CS 146)
As a way to explore MaxHeaps, a MaxHeap program is created to sort students by their GPA. The MaxHeap uses the Student class; the Student class requires the name of the student (given as a String), the student's units (given as an int), and the student's GPA (given as a double). 
## About the Assignment
There are two version of the program: an orignal and an obstructed one; each version is found in their respective files. The purpose of both codes is to create a heap that organizes students by GPA. The code should add students to the MaxHeap, change the student's GPA, and adjust itself accordingly based on what is added or altered. For both versions, two methods are made by hand in the MaxHeap while the other methods are given and/or altered. The original version of the Student class and MaxHeap class remains unchanged. For the obstructed version, methods are added to the student class and methods are altered in the MaxHeap class. Both versions require any changes to first see if the node needs to move up the MaxHeap and then if it needs to move down. 
### Original MaxHeap and Student Class
The first version is able to organize the heap like any other typical heap. However, it is not efficient when it comes to changing the GPA. In order to do this without breaking abstraction, the method indexOf(int n) is used. This method finds the index needed in linear time.  
### Obstructed MaxHeap
The second version, on the other hand, is efficient in therms of changing the GPA but breaks abstraction as it shows the placement of the students in the heap. This is done by the added Student methods getIndex() and setIndex(int index) and altering the MaxHeap class to use those methods. Unlike the original, this gets the index of the student in constant time instead. 
